7338945,"Okay, the story is great, but the morons who decided to jerk the camera around should just get out of the biz. It didn't work. It won't work if they try it again. I won't rent it. I won't buy it. If someone gives it to me I'll use the DVD as a Frisbee or a coaster.", 1.0
7306978,"I would have liked to see this be more up to date, and a bit more comprehensive.  The DVD case lists DJ Krush (whom I am a fan of) as one of the DJ's featured, but it only very quickly just shows him and mentions his name which I thought was a bit cheap.  The piece on DJ Shadow was interesting. I like the different aspects the movie covers: technical, social, history, as well as a taste of some of the personalities.<br /><br />DVD extras are interesting.  Particularly some of the instructional how-to stuff.  Almost makes me want to get some equipment and try it!", 4.0
2433649,"First of all, let me say that I am a HUGE Harlan Coben fan!!!!  Love, love, love his Myron Bolitar series.  I was hooked after reading ""The Woods"" and have read every book he's written.  If I had not already read ""Tell No One"", I would've turned the movie off.  I guess it's just not my ""cup of tea"".  I kindly gave three stars, because of Coben's talent for writing.  The movie was a little too hard to follow, in my opinion.  The book is excellent..love all the twists in the plot and ending.  READ THE BOOK....FIND HARLAN COBEN IN THE MOVIE!!!", 3.0
4109542,"This is an at times fun film with the likeable Jason Segel and Ed Helms in starring roles. It includes Susan Sarandon in the role of their mother. . .and would you believe even Rae Dawn Chong makes an appearance! When I saw the cast line-up I figured this was going to be a sure winner. Segel and Helms are usually reliable for a lot of laughs and I'm a fan of Saradon as well. Well, it seemed like a sure thing. . .but in many ways it wasn't. First, the other reviewers who mention the overuse of the ""hand cam"" effect are correct. It is frequent and distracting. It started to feel like a bad TMZ episode after a while. It was also completely unnecessary and hard to imagine why the filmmakers thought it would be a good idea. Perhaps they were trying to inject an Ed Helms / The Office sort of feel. . .if so, it did not work, in my opinion. I won't say much about the storyline, except that it deals with everyday issues like love, life and work. There are a few genuinely funny moments, though probably not enough considering the overall capabilities of this cast. I also wished Saradon's role would have been more significant or at least better incorporated into the main storyline. Still, I think the film is worth watching if you have nothing else to do some lazy Saturday afternoon. . .I would probably give it three and a half stars, if half stars were possible.", 3.0
5613017,"This presentation of the classic James Whale 1931 film &quot;Frankenstein&quot; is the most perfect representation of this fine film, even beating out the nearly perfect laser disk presentation of  several years back.  The documentary on the making of Frankenstein by David  Skal, master horror historian, is worth the price of the DVD alone.  Not  only is the movie represented with crystal clarity, but the art gallery and  commentary add to this great product.  A must have for film fans and  monster buffs.", 5.0